here we are to give you a walkthrough of
the new I only play on cows new iPod
iPhone speaker doc as you slide open the
cover you reveal the doc now you can
plug in your iPod or iPhone device just
slip it in the doc and as you can see it
will charge your device as well I only
play also comes with this sleek infrared
remote giving you full control of the
unit from across the room so now you
have three choices of how to drive your
or I only play you can drive it from the
front panel of your device you can drive
it from the remote control or you can
drive it from the illuminated backlit
buttons on the top of the unit these are
touch sensitive buttons hitting menu
allows you to navigate through your
iPods menu whether you can select
podcasts playlists what-have-you
using the menu and up-down buttons
you'll navigate through that when you
find what you want you hit enter and
arrow down to your next selection
hitting enter selects that choose a song
you want hit enter and away you go
another fun feature of the I only play
is utilizing the device's alarm clock
feature set the alarm as you normally
would turn the unit off put it in the
dock and if the case the device's
speakers aren't quite enough to wake you
up in the morning now you can use the
the speaker bar to do that for you as
well on the back of the unit two simple
connections one for an auxilary
and input and power that's really all
there is to it so a very very simple
unit the I only play from akio because
it's all about sound